BUILD_FIXES_SUMMARY.md, before:

# Build Fixes Summary

## ✅ Build Issues Resolved

### Issue 1: Missing node_modules
**Problem:** `next: not found` error
**Solution:** Dependencies weren't installed

### Issue 2: Peer Dependency Conflict
**Problem:** 
```
Conflicting peer dependency: @react-three/fiber@9.0.0-alpha.8
Required: @react-three/fiber@^9.0.0 (stable version)
```

**Solution:**
Updated `package.json`:
```diff
- "@react-three/fiber": "9.0.0-alpha.8",
+ "@react-three/fiber": "^9.0.0",
```

### Issue 3: useSearchParams() Suspense Boundary Error
**Problem:**
```
useSearchParams() should be wrapped in a suspense boundary at page "/login"
```

**Solution:**
Split login page into two files:
1. **`app/login/page.tsx`** - Server component with metadata export
2. **`app/login/LoginForm.tsx`** - Client component wrapped in Suspense

This properly handles:
- SEO metadata (`robots: noindex, nofollow`)
- Suspense boundary for `useSearchParams()`
- Client-side form handling

---

## 🎉 Build Status: SUCCESS

```bash
✓ Compiled successfully
✓ Generating static pages (33/33)
✓ Finalizing page optimization
```

**Build Output:**
- 33 routes generated
- All admin routes properly configured
- SEO files generated
- No critical errors

---

## ⚠️ Minor Warning (Non-Breaking)

```
metadataBase property in metadata export is not set
```

**Impact:** None - just a warning about Open Graph image URLs
**Fix (Optional):** Add to root layout metadata:
```typescript
metadataBase: new URL('https://enterprisehero.com')
```

---

## 🚀 Ready to Deploy

The application now builds successfully and is ready for:
- ✅ Development (`npm run dev`)
- ✅ Production build (`npm run build`)
- ✅ Production start (`npm run start`)

---

## Files Changed for Build Fixes

1. **package.json**
   - Updated @react-three/fiber to stable version

2. **app/login/page.tsx** (rewritten)
   - Server component with metadata export
   - Imports LoginForm client component

3. **app/login/LoginForm.tsx** (new file)
   - Client component with Suspense boundary
   - Handles useSearchParams() properly
   - Form logic and state management

---

## Test the Build

```bash
# Install dependencies (if needed)
npm install --legacy-peer-deps

# Generate SEO files
npm run generate-seo

# Build for production
npm run build

# Start production server
npm run start
```

All commands should now work without errors! 🎉

Commit message:

Align deployment docs with dynamic SEO routes
Co-authored-by: Aman Sharma <aman95026@gmail.com>

BUILD_FIXES_SUMMARY.md, after:

# Build Fixes Summary

## ✅ Build Issues Resolved

### Issue 1: Missing node_modules
**Problem:** `next: not found` error
**Solution:** Dependencies weren't installed

### Issue 2: Peer Dependency Conflict
**Problem:** 
```
Conflicting peer dependency: @react-three/fiber@9.0.0-alpha.8
Required: @react-three/fiber@^9.0.0 (stable version)
```

**Solution:**
Updated `package.json`:
```diff
- "@react-three/fiber": "9.0.0-alpha.8",
+ "@react-three/fiber": "^9.0.0",
```

### Issue 3: useSearchParams() Suspense Boundary Error
**Problem:**
```
useSearchParams() should be wrapped in a suspense boundary at page "/login"
```

**Solution:**
Split login page into two files:
1. **`app/login/page.tsx`** - Server component with metadata export
2. **`app/login/LoginForm.tsx`** - Client component wrapped in Suspense

This properly handles:
- SEO metadata (`robots: noindex, nofollow`)
- Suspense boundary for `useSearchParams()`
- Client-side form handling

---

## 🎉 Build Status: SUCCESS

```bash
✓ Compiled successfully
✓ Generating static pages (33/33)
✓ Finalizing page optimization
```

**Build Output:**
- 33 routes generated
- All admin routes properly configured
- Dynamic SEO routes (`/sitemap.xml` and `/robots.txt`) generated by App Router
- No critical errors

---

## ⚠️ Minor Warning (Non-Breaking)

```
metadataBase property in metadata export is not set
```

**Impact:** None - just a warning about Open Graph image URLs
**Fix (Optional):** Add to root layout metadata:
```typescript
metadataBase: new URL('https://enterprisehero.com')
```

---

## 🚀 Ready to Deploy

The application now builds successfully and is ready for:
- ✅ Development (`npm run dev`)
- ✅ Production build (`npm run build`)
- ✅ Production start (`npm run start`)

---

## Files Changed for Build Fixes

1. **package.json**
   - Updated @react-three/fiber to stable version

2. **app/login/page.tsx** (rewritten)
   - Server component with metadata export
   - Imports LoginForm client component

3. **app/login/LoginForm.tsx** (new file)
   - Client component with Suspense boundary
   - Handles useSearchParams() properly
   - Form logic and state management

---

## Test the Build

```bash
# Install dependencies (if needed)
npm install --legacy-peer-deps

# Build for production
npm run build

# Start production server
npm run start
```

All commands should now work without errors! 🎉
