app/pages/nse-mcx-live-market-data/README.md, before:

# NSE/MCX Live Market Data API - Landing Page

## 🚀 Overview

Ultra-modern, highly converting landing page for NSE, BSE & MCX live market data API services. Built with Next.js 15, React 19, Framer Motion, and Tailwind CSS v4.

**Target Audience:** Algo traders, fintech startups, trading platforms, portfolio management apps, research firms.

## ✨ Features

### Design & UX
- ⚡ **Futuristic Design**: Techy, financial market aesthetics with neon effects
- 📊 **Live Data Visualization**: Animated stock tickers and candlestick charts
- 🎨 **Color Scheme**: 
  - Deep Blue/Navy (#0B1E39) - Professional & Trust
  - Electric Green (#00FF88) - Market Growth
  - Gold (#FFD700) - Premium/Trading
  - Red (#FF3366) - Market Alerts
- 📱 **Mobile-First**: Fully responsive, optimized for all devices
- ✨ **Smooth Animations**: Framer Motion powered transitions

### Conversion Optimization
- 🎯 **16 Strategic Sections** optimized for lead generation
- 📝 **Multiple CTAs** throughout the page
- 💬 **Social Proof**: Testimonials, case studies, ratings
- 🔥 **Urgency Elements**: Limited time offers, live counters
- 📊 **Trust Signals**: Certifications, uptime stats, client logos

### Technical Features
- ⚡ **High Performance**: Optimized animations and lazy loading
- 🛡️ **Error Boundaries**: Section-level error handling
- 📈 **Analytics Ready**: Google Analytics & conversion tracking
- ♿ **Accessible**: ARIA labels, semantic HTML
- 🔍 **SEO Optimized**: Structured data, meta tags

## 📋 Page Sections

1. **Hero Section** - Animated stock ticker with live data dashboard
2. **Why Live Data** - Education & comparison tables
3. **Data Features** - 8 data types (tick-by-tick, options, F&O, etc.)
4. **Live Showcase** - Interactive real-time data demo
5. **API Capabilities** - REST & WebSocket code examples
6. **Technology Stack** - Infrastructure & reliability
7. **Integration Process** - 4-step quick start
8. **Pricing** - 3 transparent tiers (₹999 to ₹49,999)
9. **Supported Instruments** - 5000+ instruments across NSE/BSE/MCX
10. **Use Cases** - 6 industry applications
11. **Case Studies** - 3 client success stories
12. **Developer Resources** - Documentation & SDKs
13. **Testimonials** - 6 client reviews (4.9/5 rating)
14. **FAQ** - 10 common questions
15. **Lead Form** - Smart multi-step form
16. **Final CTA** - Urgency-driven closing

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15.2.1
- **React**: 19.0.0
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **Animations**: Framer Motion 11.0.12
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **TypeScript**: Full type safety

## 🚦 Getting Started

### View the Page

Navigate to: `/pages/nse-mcx-live-market-data`

### Development

```bash
# Run development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Start production server
npm start
```

## 📁 File Structure

```
app/pages/nse-mcx-live-market-data/
├── page.tsx                    # Main entry point
├── layout.tsx                  # Layout wrapper
├── metadata.ts                 # SEO metadata
├── README.md                   # This file
└── _components/
    ├── hero-section.tsx
    ├── why-live-data-section.tsx
    ├── data-features-section.tsx
    ├── live-showcase-section.tsx
    ├── api-capabilities-section.tsx
    ├── technology-stack-section.tsx
    ├── integration-process-section.tsx
    ├── pricing-section.tsx
    ├── supported-instruments-section.tsx
    ├── use-cases-section.tsx
    ├── case-studies-section.tsx
    ├── developer-resources-section.tsx
    ├── testimonials-section.tsx
    ├── faq-section.tsx
    ├── lead-form-section.tsx
    ├── final-cta-section.tsx
    ├── mobile-floating-cta.tsx
    ├── scroll-to-top.tsx
    └── section-error-boundary.tsx
```

## 🎨 Color Palette

```css
Primary Colors:
- Navy Blue: #0B1E39
- Electric Green: #00FF88
- Dark Green: #00CC70
- Gold: #FFD700
- Orange: #FFA500
- Alert Red: #FF3366

Background:
- Light: #FFFFFF / #F9FAFB
- Dark: #0B1E39 / #050b14
```

## 📊 Conversion Points

1. **Hero CTA**: "Start Free Trial Now"
2. **Data Features CTA**: "Access All Data Types Now"
3. **Live Showcase CTA**: "Get Instant API Access"
4. **Integration CTA**: "Start Your Free Trial Now"
5. **Use Cases CTA**: "Build Your Application Today"
6. **Lead Form**: Primary conversion form
7. **Final CTA**: "Start Free Trial Now" (with urgency)
8. **Mobile Floating CTA**: Always visible on mobile

## 🔗 Lead & Conversion Flow

- Centralized lead submit: the form posts to `/api/lead` with `source: 'nse-mcx-live-market-data'` and `leadSource: 'Website'`.
- Database-first save, Zoho CRM sync, and server-side conversion log happen in `app/api/lead/route.ts`.
- Client-side Google Ads conversion fires using `fireConversion('nse_mcx_live_market_data_lead_submit')` from `utils/conversions.ts` after a successful submit.
- Mobile call CTA fires `fireConversion('nse_mcx_live_market_data_call_click')` on click.
- Google Ads scripts are loaded globally via `app/layout.tsx` with `<GoogleAdsTracking conversionId="AW-17606401808" />`.

### 🧪 Testing conversions

In your browser console, load the helper (already included at `/public/conversion-test-helper.js`) and run:

```js
listAllEvents();
testPage('nse-mcx-live-market-data');
// or a specific event
testEvent('nse_mcx_live_market_data_lead_submit');
```

### 📈 Flow diagram (high-level)

```
User submits form
   ↓
POST /api/lead  (source: nse-mcx-live-market-data)
   ↓                      ↓
Save Lead (DB)         Server log → IntegrationLog
   ↓
Zoho CRM sync (best-effort)
   ↓
fireConversion('nse_mcx_live_market_data_lead_submit')
   ↓
gtag('event','conversion', { send_to: <AW-ID/LABEL> })
```

## 🔧 Customization

### Update Pricing
Edit `_components/pricing-section.tsx` - Update the `plans` array

### Modify Color Scheme
Edit Tailwind classes in components - Search for color classes

### Change Content
Each section has its own component file for easy editing

## 📈 Performance

- ✅ Error boundaries on all sections
- ✅ Console logging for debugging
- ✅ Optimized animations (GPU accelerated)
- ✅ Lazy loading ready
- ✅ Mobile-optimized

## 🎯 Marketing Notes

**Primary Keywords:**
- NSE live data API
- MCX real-time market data
- Stock market API India
- Algo trading data feed
- Live trading data API

**Target Audience:**
- Algorithmic traders
- Fintech startups
- Trading platform developers
- Portfolio management apps
- Research & analytics firms

## 📞 Support

For any issues or questions:
- Email: contact@vedpragyabharat.com
- Documentation: Check component comments
- Logs: Check browser console for debugging

## 📝 License

© 2024 Vedpragya Bharat Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.

---

**Built with ❤️ by Vedpragya Bharat**

Commit message:

Refactor: Improve mobile layout and responsiveness
Adjusted padding, grids, and spacing for better mobile experience.

Co-authored-by: aman95026 <aman95026@gmail.com>

app/pages/nse-mcx-live-market-data/README.md, after:

# NSE/MCX Live Market Data API - Landing Page

## 🚀 Overview

Ultra-modern, highly converting landing page for NSE, BSE & MCX live market data API services. Built with Next.js 15, React 19, Framer Motion, and Tailwind CSS v4.

**Target Audience:** Algo traders, fintech startups, trading platforms, portfolio management apps, research firms.

## ✨ Features

### Design & UX
- ⚡ **Futuristic Design**: Techy, financial market aesthetics with neon effects
- 📊 **Live Data Visualization**: Animated stock tickers and candlestick charts
- 🎨 **Color Scheme**: 
  - Deep Blue/Navy (#0B1E39) - Professional & Trust
  - Electric Green (#00FF88) - Market Growth
  - Gold (#FFD700) - Premium/Trading
  - Red (#FF3366) - Market Alerts
- 📱 **Mobile-First**: Fully responsive, optimized for all devices
- ✨ **Smooth Animations**: Framer Motion powered transitions

### Conversion Optimization
- 🎯 **16 Strategic Sections** optimized for lead generation
- 📝 **Multiple CTAs** throughout the page
- 💬 **Social Proof**: Testimonials, case studies, ratings
- 🔥 **Urgency Elements**: Limited time offers, live counters
- 📊 **Trust Signals**: Certifications, uptime stats, client logos

### Technical Features
- ⚡ **High Performance**: Optimized animations and lazy loading
- 🛡️ **Error Boundaries**: Section-level error handling
- 📈 **Analytics Ready**: Google Analytics & conversion tracking
- ♿ **Accessible**: ARIA labels, semantic HTML
- 🔍 **SEO Optimized**: Structured data, meta tags

## 📋 Page Sections

1. **Hero Section** - Animated stock ticker with live data dashboard
2. **Why Live Data** - Education & comparison tables
3. **Data Features** - 8 data types (tick-by-tick, options, F&O, etc.)
4. **Live Showcase** - Interactive real-time data demo
5. **API Capabilities** - REST & WebSocket code examples
6. **Technology Stack** - Infrastructure & reliability
7. **Integration Process** - 4-step quick start
8. **Pricing** - 3 transparent tiers (₹999 to ₹49,999)
9. **Supported Instruments** - 5000+ instruments across NSE/BSE/MCX
10. **Use Cases** - 6 industry applications
11. **Case Studies** - 3 client success stories
12. **Developer Resources** - Documentation & SDKs
13. **Testimonials** - 6 client reviews (4.9/5 rating)
14. **FAQ** - 10 common questions
15. **Lead Form** - Smart multi-step form
16. **Final CTA** - Urgency-driven closing

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15.2.1
- **React**: 19.0.0
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **Animations**: Framer Motion 11.0.12
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **TypeScript**: Full type safety

## 🚦 Getting Started

### View the Page

Navigate to: `/pages/nse-mcx-live-market-data`

### Development

```bash
# Run development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Start production server
npm start
```

## 📁 File Structure

```
app/pages/nse-mcx-live-market-data/
├── page.tsx                    # Main entry point
├── layout.tsx                  # Layout wrapper
├── metadata.ts                 # SEO metadata
├── README.md                   # This file
└── _components/
    ├── hero-section.tsx
    ├── why-live-data-section.tsx
    ├── data-features-section.tsx
    ├── live-showcase-section.tsx
    ├── api-capabilities-section.tsx
    ├── technology-stack-section.tsx
    ├── integration-process-section.tsx
    ├── pricing-section.tsx
    ├── supported-instruments-section.tsx
    ├── use-cases-section.tsx
    ├── case-studies-section.tsx
    ├── developer-resources-section.tsx
    ├── testimonials-section.tsx
    ├── faq-section.tsx
    ├── lead-form-section.tsx
    ├── final-cta-section.tsx
    ├── mobile-floating-cta.tsx
    ├── scroll-to-top.tsx
    └── section-error-boundary.tsx
```

## 🎨 Color Palette

```css
Primary Colors:
- Navy Blue: #0B1E39
- Electric Green: #00FF88
- Dark Green: #00CC70
- Gold: #FFD700
- Orange: #FFA500
- Alert Red: #FF3366

Background:
- Light: #FFFFFF / #F9FAFB
- Dark: #0B1E39 / #050b14
```

## 📊 Conversion Points

1. **Hero CTA**: "Start Free Trial Now"
2. **Data Features CTA**: "Access All Data Types Now"
3. **Live Showcase CTA**: "Get Instant API Access"
4. **Integration CTA**: "Start Your Free Trial Now"
5. **Use Cases CTA**: "Build Your Application Today"
6. **Lead Form**: Primary conversion form
7. **Final CTA**: "Start Free Trial Now" (with urgency)
8. **Mobile Floating CTA**: Always visible on mobile

## 🔗 Lead & Conversion Flow

- Centralized lead submit: the form posts to `/api/lead` with `source: 'nse-mcx-live-market-data'` and `leadSource: 'Website'`.
- Database-first save, Zoho CRM sync, and server-side conversion log happen in `app/api/lead/route.ts`.
- Client-side Google Ads conversion fires using `fireConversion('nse_mcx_live_market_data_lead_submit')` from `utils/conversions.ts` after a successful submit.
- Mobile call CTA fires `fireConversion('nse_mcx_live_market_data_call_click')` on click.
- Google Ads scripts are loaded globally via `app/layout.tsx` with `<GoogleAdsTracking conversionId="AW-17606401808" />`.

### 🧪 Testing conversions

In your browser console, load the helper (already included at `/public/conversion-test-helper.js`) and run:

```js
listAllEvents();
testPage('nse-mcx-live-market-data');
// or a specific event
testEvent('nse_mcx_live_market_data_lead_submit');
```

### 📈 Flow diagram (high-level)

```
User submits form
   ↓
POST /api/lead  (source: nse-mcx-live-market-data)
   ↓                      ↓
Save Lead (DB)         Server log → IntegrationLog
   ↓
Zoho CRM sync (best-effort)
   ↓
fireConversion('nse_mcx_live_market_data_lead_submit')
   ↓
gtag('event','conversion', { send_to: <AW-ID/LABEL> })
```

## 🔧 Customization

### Update Pricing
Edit `_components/pricing-section.tsx` - Update the `plans` array

### Modify Color Scheme
Edit Tailwind classes in components - Search for color classes

### Change Content
Each section has its own component file for easy editing

## 📈 Performance

- ✅ Error boundaries on all sections
- ✅ Console logging for debugging
- ✅ Optimized animations (GPU accelerated)
- ✅ Lazy loading ready
- ✅ Mobile-optimized

## 📱 Mobile Layout Notes

- Adjusted hero top padding and ticker offset to avoid overlap with the sticky header on small screens.
- Standardized section paddings to `py-16/18/24/28` responsive scale.
- Tightened grids and gaps for small screens (sm and md breakpoints) for better alignment.
- Added `scroll-mt-24 md:scroll-mt-28` on `lead-form` section to ensure anchor jumps clear the header.

## 🎯 Marketing Notes

**Primary Keywords:**
- NSE live data API
- MCX real-time market data
- Stock market API India
- Algo trading data feed
- Live trading data API

**Target Audience:**
- Algorithmic traders
- Fintech startups
- Trading platform developers
- Portfolio management apps
- Research & analytics firms

## 📞 Support

For any issues or questions:
- Email: contact@vedpragyabharat.com
- Documentation: Check component comments
- Logs: Check browser console for debugging

## 📝 License

© 2024 Vedpragya Bharat Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.

---

**Built with ❤️ by Vedpragya Bharat**
